Speaker 1  0:00  
Over here for me at the moment, haven't been working on quite as much. Just been running around with a bunch of other kind of life stuff being my other job, and just

Speaker 2  0:13  
now you're doing this part time with us, right? Or with SSRX? Yeah. So what what is your other job?

Speaker 1  0:20  
So I mostly do a lot of it's kind of like contract work. So it's more more towards the software engineering, AI engineering side of things. So I I do at the moment a fair bit of kind of backend service development. So at the moment, it's more kind of building language translation models, and so being kind of contract type stuff, I tend to bounce around between different projects and stuff like that.

Speaker 2  0:59  
Okay, gotcha.

Speaker 3  1:01  
Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:02  
Very cool. But

Speaker 1  1:04  
been bouncing back and forth between Maryland and in New Jersey.

Speaker 2  1:08  
Oh, so turned over a lot of recently.

Speaker 1  1:10  
A

Speaker 2  1:10  
lot of travel involved in that one.

Speaker 1  1:12  
No, that's really just family stuff. I mean, it's all good good things, but nobody seems to be able to to schedule things. So this upcoming weekend, it's a wedding. Two weekends ago, it was family coming in from California. Two weekends before that, it was-I remember some other random family thing. But

Speaker 2  1:35  
all good, all good. Yeah. Well, tell

Speaker 1  1:38  
yourself, huh?

Speaker 2  1:39  
Yeah. Personally, you know, just got back from vacation with my wife from Cabo. We haven't really done anything travel-wise since our two-year-old was. I mean, I mean, she just turned two, or she turned two this summer. So it's my wife's birthday, and so it was a little last-minute kind of plan. So we just left on Wednesday and came back on Saturday, so it was a quick trip. But but yeah, we had fun and just kind of getting back in the swing of things here. So

Speaker 1  2:12  
Cabo is it's Mexico, right?

Speaker 2  2:15  
Yeah, yeah, it's on the it's on. I guess it's like Baja is the whole section of below California, that's Mexico, and then the furthest tip south of that is Cabo.

Speaker 1  2:31  
Gotcha. Okay, yeah, I know that. Or

Speaker 2  2:34  
San Luc or San Lucas, I think is what it's called. Like it's they call it San Lucas Cabo. So I don't know. I got kind of a little confused because there's a town called San Jose, like just literally 30, not even 30 miles from Cabo. It's like not, or not even 30 miles. It's like a 20-minute drive, and then you're in San Jose, and then I don't know. I get kind of confused which what is which. But anyway, we went to the Cabo Beach, San Lucas or San Lucas Cabo. So,

Speaker 1  3:09  
gotcha. Yeah, that that makes sense. That's pretty cool. Yeah, actually, I guess two two weeks ago, I was also at the beach in New Jersey. So the fact that it's already most of the way through September and it's like fall now. It's kind of messing with my brain a little bit.

Speaker 2  3:25  
Yeah, yeah. But yeah, let me just kind of catch you up on this. Really, the whole point of this is just you know review this project with you, get your thoughts. You know, hey, did you think about this or that or whatever? Really, that's all this is about. Kind of doing just to get your two cents on this on these things here. So, again, just to reiterate the use case here. So, what we are trying to do is what the best way to do this is. I don't want to just flash up of business requirements. Who's the

Speaker 1  4:01  
current customer? And yeah, I guess I I don't know. I just know that you were kicking off the document processing thing again. Well, yeah. Let me just

Speaker 2  4:11  
let me give you the full scope here.

Speaker 1  4:12  
Yeah, I don't know anything about the customer or what the timeline is, how it's being used. So I'm totally in the dark on it. Yeah,

Speaker 2  4:19  
yeah, yeah. No worries. No worries. Let me catch you up, or at least what I know. So there's this product called IDP, and I don't know if that's the client or whatever, or there could be multiple clients I've told that are interested in this, but there's there was definitely. So this this involves the patient enrollment forms, right? So let me kind of show you what this looks like, and the goal is, and I'm not even sure which client it is. Apparently, there's multiple of these clients. I don't, again, I don't know the specific client, but they'll fill out these enrollment forms, like you know, like this such, and they'll scan them in, and they'll they'll have oftentimes you know, there may be 4050, pages of scanned documents in here. One is an enrollment form, some have insurance forms in them. You know, whatever, whatever, whatever, right? And the goal of this product process, because originally they were shopping this to outside as a as a byproduct. They wanted to buy this, but apparently, our CTO, our new CTO, and I don't know the person's name or anything like that, had a conversation with Cliff. Cliff had mentioned some of the CMS 1500 forms stuff that we we've done, and based on and again I don't know if it was solely based on that conversation or not. They pushed the product team for this to be a build project project right now. They they're still shopping around at other vendors, but this they

Speaker 1  5:59  
they being assist RX or

Speaker 2  6:01  
yeah assist RX. product product manager. You know Zach? Do you know Zach? Let's see. It's this whole IDP team. So it's Zach Baker, John Hawkins.

Speaker 1  6:14  
Gotcha.

Speaker 2  6:14  
It's a bunch of these guys. Think

Speaker 1  6:17  
I worked with Sean

Speaker 2  6:18  
Purcell, Steve. You've worked with Stephen before. Yeah, I know that.

Speaker 1  6:23  
Steve Steve helped out a bunch on the form process. Yeah, stuff.

Speaker 2  6:27  
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So they're calling this the whole. Kind

Speaker 1  6:30  
of took care of the Salesforce side of things. So there's

Speaker 2  6:31  
a whole team that's sort of built around this. It's called the IDB team, and and apparently I'm on it now. Okay. So with that being said, with the CTO really pushing for more of a build here, so the product team has now come to us with requirements, right? That we need to build out, build this thing out. So what essentially this product needs to do is number one, there needs to be a classification. So for very similar to how we did the CMS one, we need to go through a page by page classification, and we need to eventually be able to classify any page as one of these or another or no data page. Right. As of right now, full disclosure, the only categories I've trained a couple of different models. I've got linear regression model. I've got gradient boosting, and I've got random forest classifiers that I've I've trained on. And I'll I'll show you all that here in a minute. And I know I've only scheduled this for 30 minutes, and I don't know if you have additional time, but I can do another part two of this. I'm I'm

Speaker 1  7:39  
good with with time, I've got no no immediate constraints.

Speaker 2  7:45  
I may have to schedule a part two of this because I think I do have a meeting in 13 minutes. But anyway, the the goal here, and and if you're down with that, I can either schedule something later today or tomorrow morning, same time, whatever whatever works for you.

Speaker 1  7:58  
Yeah, I'm free all all day today.

Speaker 2  8:01  
Oh, okay, okay, cool. So the only three categories I have right now are insurance card enrollment form, patient enrollment form, and the copay copayment reimbursement. Those are the only three categories I've trained the model that I've actually visibly been able to get my hands on data and actually train anything with, but just just so you know, these are the categories they're looking for. Are they

Speaker 1  8:32  
just then when you talk about categories? Are they looking for to exactly as you said categories, or are there specific forms for each of those bullet points?

Speaker 2  8:48  
No. So, like for example, each page needs to be classified as one of these things.

Speaker 1  8:54  
Yeah. Yeah. I guess on my point is that, yeah. I guess like financial document is it's really any kind of financial document, but how do you distinguish that from like a company? Yeah, document is like a very reimbursement. Exactly, yeah. We we've got to

Speaker 2  9:12  
peel back that onion. We we don't know. Again, I I'm only previewed to three of these categories. The rest of these I have no idea, right? I'm only I I'm only really at at liberty to talk about the three categories that I've I've personally trained so far.

Speaker 1  9:30  
That that's fair. Yeah, I like I said I was just trying to understand what kind of you know the scope of the onion that we've got to deal with, but that that helps. Thanks.

Speaker 2  9:37  
Yep, definitely. And and then there's other there's other peelbacks of the onion here. There's, you know, hey, what are the most important fields? Well, they only list the important fields for enrollment form. Well, apparently, and Cliff's, in working with these guys, it's a little bit of a two-headed monster. A little bit. One, there is the development part of this, but Cliff also wants me to push them on better requirements and phases of work. So what we're trying to do is, from a phase approach, they seem to be really locked in on the enrollment form, field extraction, and the rest of them are basically page classifications. So I'm saying basically for a phase one approach here, we do the page, or we do the classifications for as many categories we can, but we really focus on fill level accuracy on enrollment forms in phase one. That's it. That's

Speaker 1  10:37  
kind of what we were doing with the CMS 1500 as well.

Speaker 2  10:40  
Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:40  
I definitely agree with your your assessment there.

Speaker 2  10:44  
Because if we try to tackle field level accuracy across all those different types of forms, we're going to be here for a very long time. I

Speaker 1  10:52  
mean, if you don't even know what the hell the forms look like, how do you make that exactly?

Speaker 2  10:55  
Exactly. So yeah. So let me just kind of walk you through how this process works, and it's very similar to how it was done before. The only caveat here is now. Let me get into here.

Speaker 1  11:18  
I guess 111, Very quick question before you dive into, I think I saw one thing as you were scrolling through about there being a time requirement. The

Speaker 2  11:28  
latency.

Speaker 1  11:30  
Yeah.

Speaker 2  11:35  
In a good, I just got this document yesterday, so the one that I was kind of harped on was the. the 99% field level accuracy, but that but that percentage there after a review with them because we just had a review with them yesterday on this document and and walking them through the demo. That accuracy is of. Let me just rephrase it the way I understand it. Of the fields of the critical fields that the LLM has the most confidence in, from a confidence score standpoint, those fields should be 99% accurate. If that makes sense, so there are words

Speaker 1  12:24  
that you said made sense. It's kind of a weird, yeah, it's a lot of kind of weird caveat type stuff and

Speaker 2  12:33  
right. Because when I first saw this, I was like, "You want us to be 99% on all these books? Because right now we're hitting about 96% field level accuracy on on just the enrollment forms. I hadn't even measured anything else, and when I saw this 99% I'm like, "Yee, that's going to be tough to get. So

Speaker 1  12:53  
I wasn't even as confident that we were getting 99% of the fields for the things that we got for some of the CMS 1500 stuff. Like some of the fields, like you know, human or machine, nobody could read the damn thing.

Speaker 2  13:05  
Well, that's a great point because

Speaker 1  13:07  
so like you know, and you run into all kinds of little somebody that's unreadable.

Speaker 2  13:11  
Yeah. Well, not only that. So to go, I'm going to go down a quick route. There's a whole list of rabbit holes we can go down on this.

Speaker 1  13:21  
Yes. Yes.

Speaker 2  13:22  
And so let me just kind of explain the process with you real quick. So there's a training script here, which I've been able to gather in ground truth. Again, this is a very manual process of gathering ground truth, and this ground truth. So this is the page classification, right? And again,

Speaker 1  13:39  
is this originally built off of the code that I I shared.

Speaker 2  13:42  
Yeah, this is all built off the original CMS 1500. Well, I know it is supposed to do more, but the the it has morphed probably a lot since that code base. So I would still say probably 50% of this is remaining now of the old co base. Okay, but it did start with it, so just full disclosure, right?

Speaker 1  14:10  
Gotcha. That makes sense.

Speaker 2  14:11  
Yep. So okay, yeah. So we we're we're building a a classifier, so this all all these three steps here are just all this is doing is just building the model. That's that's all it's doing is building the classification model. Now, what I wanted to show you earlier is so they did a Salesforce had done a a demo for for these guys, and again, they were projecting. They were using about. They were hitting around 94, 93% field level accuracy. They were using GPT five Claude, and they were using Gemini as well. We don't have Gemini here, but just so you know, I'm actually using all three of these models here: GPT five, Claude Opus five, and Sonnet five, in this process. And so the way it works, and you know, one of the one of the pushbacks I got from from using this approach is is like, hey, does this use a lot of tokens, and it's like, yeah, it does use a lot of tokens, but it substantially increases the accuracy, and and and also it helps us with fill level accuracy even more because what happens is when you run it through all three of them, if let's say nothing, because GPT five is one of the worst ones to use on this one because oftentimes it will come back blank, whereas Opus or Sonnet will come back with something. Now, you may say, "Well, why don't you just pick the one that is the most complete? The problem with that is sometimes Sonnet will have blank fields and Opus will have populated fields, and sometimes GPT five will have a field, but that's pretty rare. 99% of the time, it's either Opus or Sonnet. If you combine those two together, you will get a complete story, right? You will get the complete the the complete extract majority of the time. Now the other cool thing about this using this sort of LLM committee process is if there's disagreement, because you might have Opus saying because I've there's been MPIs where it's like even visibly hard to read what what the actual MPI is, and you may have Sonnet say, "Hey, it's this MPI, and you may have Opus say, "It's this MPI, and they disagree. And they both may have a confidence level of 90 something percent, right? Well, if they disagree and they're both 95% confident, well, just because even the fact that there's a disagreement in that means there's should it's a lower level confidence in that assessment of that field, right?

Speaker 4  17:07  
Yep.

Speaker 2  17:09  
So I know we only have three minutes, but basically that's really kind of it. So and at that point you spin up the the endpoint, you run a batch process through, or you run this. It is a single. It's an endpoint that's only geared towards a single JSON or a single PDF upload. So basically, it only it only handles one PDF at a time. But I've written I've written some batch processings to be able to, you know, do you know loop through multiple and hit the endpoint, hit the endpoint multiple times, kind of deal. But I wanted to kind of show you what an what an output looks like, right? So one of the things, so each document, one of the main things too is we want to be able to extract the patient RXID from from and this comes from directly from the document name. There's a timestamps in here. You can see, you know, what the page category was classified as, what model was used to pick that one that had the highest confidence or highest accuracy rate for that particular classification,

Speaker 1  18:22  
actually, can I can I know that we are very short on time. Can I interrupt with one one thing? Sure. Yeah. I was just clicking around in Foundry, and it looks like the Opus and the Sonnet ones there, and I don't. I didn't get all my access back and stuff. If you were using the ones that you were pointing at, those ones are global standard deployment types as opposed to U.S. standard. So unless you get you have an exemption from Cliff or whatever, you can't use those ones for PHI.

Speaker 2  19:02  
Oh, okay. Because

Speaker 1  19:02  
they don't have the guaranteed data zone processing in the U.S.

Speaker 2  19:07  
Oh, okay, good point.

Speaker 1  19:07  
You remember we we talked about that?

Speaker 2  19:09  
Yep, yep. Well, I made those requirements out for John, so John's sort of the architect here. John Hawkins here. So actually, it was a different John, John Mills. This is the guy that that set me up on this, and yes, he he assured me that they were supposed to be approved. But yeah,

Speaker 1  19:34  
well, I unfortunately, yeah, they don't, they aren't,

Speaker 2  19:41  
they're not.

Speaker 1  19:43  
I had previously set up the Claude Sonnet 5-US. There is that endpoint, and there's a Claude Opus 4.8 US that you can sub in for that. I had these conversations with Cliff previously. How did you how do you how do you find out

Speaker 2  20:09  
if they're global models or not? How did you find that? Just just for my own. Oh, right here, global standard of deployment.

Speaker 1  20:22  
Yep, there it is.

Speaker 2  20:24  
Versus, if I go here, the data zone standard column,

Speaker 1  20:32  
and I just know because I put together the ones. If you go back a page, you see how there's the created by column and the deployment types column.

Speaker 2  20:40  
I see.

Speaker 1  20:41  
I know that the ones that I made, I think, for the the Claude ones, I put dashed U.S. because there were a couple of ones that were, I said, kind of available in certain spots. But anyways, I know that we're over time. Do you want to just hand me? Yeah, yeah. Let me. Yeah, we can continue. We can

Speaker 2  21:05  
continue this. Yeah, love the love the feedback. So let me let.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
