We first sign up for xyz, whatever features we choose, so that's where we're at with that.
Yeah, so I reviewed the time of day measurement, but unfortunately Bolas room, so at the end of the day we need the outcome measure in the actual flow of all the tables and stuff like that, so Bola wanted me to take a stab at that and see how we can implement that outcome key within the Snowflake tables, so that's what I'm working on right now.
Okay, yeah, go
ahead. I just just want to share the background with your clip, so the outcome variables, it's quite similar as the dynamic features, so it's kind of little configured with those dynamic times like slab, so it's needed to use exact from end to config. I know Josh has this basic support code, but we need to kind of use the same like framework to standardize the process, and eventually it will give you the outcome. Yeah, so
So that's our main project right now, or
I don't know about main, but that's just that's just my update, okay.
so I guess, what, what are the barriers for us with outcome variables,
or or dynamic variables?
I think the outcome variable is a good practice for us than the framework. Yeah, I think it's good to meet with Emani and Saki and see how they configure the outcomes, and then we can make transfer the knowledge when we do the dynamic features. Yeah, because they already kind of configured the initialization and adherence, so as Josh already have those basic SQL codes, like we can interact with those tables. We just need to follow what that did, and then we can learn the framework and use the framework to standardize. It should be.. I don't think it should be very hard. I don't think it's very hard. It should be easy knowledge to transfer in terms of our complete, yeah, but for the feature dynamic feature that will be more complicated, because that would need updates for the stop procedure than always is looking right now, so
Okay,
so for the dynamic features, there's no blocker per se, but it's just going to be a lot of trial and error to kind of get that first feature to work, but I think once we get that first feature in, then it should be pretty easy, because you just have to replicate the same process for every other dynamic feature,
okay, and so you're doing it where there's an event and then there's an offset for the start and end period of the future measurement, all
right. So I think there's something that phone mentioned pretty well yesterday. So what I was doing for age is we were going to be giving the training date, as so for age, what we're going to do for training we would give the input from our side for the training population to calculate the age for the set date that we're giving in, so their birth date to the eight week, give us the input, and for inference it will be taking
the when you say the age, we the date we give as the input, is that different for each patient in the set,
correct? So what I was working on was not different for each patient, but one mentioned that yesterday, and we're going to cross-link that to the patient program enrollment date, and we'll be using that date to calculate the age.
Yeah, for training data, the age shouldn't calculate it from, like, the birth date to current date, it should calculate the birth date for the
day they join the program, so that's going to be the age we take.
Okay, so that's like an age enrollment field. Then,
yeah,
so other dynamic feature variables are going to be a little bit different, because they're not - it's not just the event at one point in time, it spans right. So, like, there's the triggering event, whether that's, you know, for time of day model, that's going to be when there was an attempt that was made, right? And then you're going to need to go back a certain amount of time for the window to look for whatever you're measuring,
so I'm just going to drop the kind of registry we were kind of looking at into the chat, so this kind of kind of going to be like the registry we made, I just dropped it in the chat, so this is how it's going to be looking for age, and of course I mean the more complex we get in with the features, we're going to have to kind of, the expression is going to end up starting to change because we have more variables, and that's how the expression would be the ideal calculation that we make for, say, dates for sign up, etc.
but for some of these, let me just ask the question, wouldn't it depend, so there's different potential ages at the time of adherence, right, so like when the call was made versus when they took the first, like, there could be different age points at different communication points, right?
Correct. So I think we'll be taking the first date of their sign up into the program. I think that would be ideal, because I mean, it wouldn't make sense to, because there's no way we can kind of make dynamic for every single time on and off,
right?
That wouldn't make sense, and I mean, even if we do assume on and off, there'd be a really small subset that changes towards, let's say, their age, maybe like if at all we have to even consider, it might be like a year's difference, which shouldn't really affect the model as much.
I'm wondering, I think
there's more like a proxy, like asking back the edge for training,
so I, you know, for age, I think that's fine, because that's like an age, it's really not their current age that you're making as the variable, you're making their age and enrollment the variable, which I guess then if we also have another feature that is like how long since enrollment, they're kind of like all connected anyways. Oh, but
this for training, right? But when we run this for inference, this is going to default to current date.
No, it needs to be the same. It needs to be the same, because otherwise your data set for training and inference aren't comparable. So, if you.. well, okay, let's talk about the grain for training and the grain for inference, actually. But either way, it needs to be the same, same feature,
right? So, like, if I have a patient that comes in, here's the training set, we would need to go back and back calculate time of enrollment, calculate that age, and then current age to line up, is that kind of what you're saying,
so we're using not using the current debt, but using the first line of debt as always as the reverse debt for calculating the training and inference, but
even for inference, I mean, because if we've enrolled, say, two years back in a program, I mean, we must have patients for like a year or two who've enrolled like a year or two before, right? I mean, that would, because inference is for what we're gonna do next, right? That's like our next steps, kind of a thing.
Is there a situation where somebody might enroll multiple times into the program?
Yeah, but before we get into, yes, and that can make this more complicated, potentially, but I don't think that's that common in this program, per se, but we want to be standardized,
like the first enrollment date,
so what I wanted to share here was that for the Here one second, so you have like a specific, so this is a specific date, but let's find the event base, okay? So this is essentially what we're doing, so we're choosing an event which is needs to be comparable to the point in time when the person when we're doing inference, so like for instance you could have a record that is so this comes down to what granularity we want to use for the training data set, also because let's say that you want to have, you know, when, when, when are the third initiation models being used? Right, so they're being used at different points in time when somebody's already enrolled in the program for a certain amount of time, right. So, how do you have a comparable date like record in the training data set to the evaluation, I mean, to the inference data set, so one way you could do that is you could have it be when they're doing a benefit investigation, or, or not, that's not right, when, like, what, pre, a pre-infusion call, say, right, because that's one of the things we target, is the pre-infusion pretreatment. It's called pre-treatment outreach, right? So, if you had a record for people, whenever they have their pre-treatment outreach attempt, then, and you were predicting, you know, how likely they are to start therapy, you could have a field for, you know, they're at the pre treatment stage, right, because that's the activity that they have currently active in your training data set, and you could also have that then in your inference, because now they've hit that that pre treatment outreach, but then you have the different other features, right. So here you have that event date, is you know when that pre treatment attempt is occurring, right. So then you have an offset from that event, so for your predictors or your features here you have, how far back do you go, which probably your timeframe that you're going back, it's going to extend generally earlier than when they initiate their, when they enrolled in the program, anyways. In this example, so the starting point of that probably won't end up mattering too much, but it depends on what we do. Maybe we want a feature that's just looking back the last like two weeks or something, right? So then maybe that doesn't go go sooner than that. So that's the start of this period here, the start of these light green bars, but then the end of that is probably like, you know, just minus one day from the that event, because of one day of data lab, so I guess I'm talking about kind of two different concepts here at the same time. One is that, as opposed to your age, which is just looking at one point in time, if we're calculating something like how many different attempts you know were answered in different ways, or you know, you know how like those types of features where they need to be calculated over a period of time, we need to have the start and end date in relation to like the event date that we're indexing off of, but then we also need to think about the second point I'm talking about, is if you just have a feature set of, and I was using therapy initiation exam as an example, but let me use adherence for an example, right? If you just have a feature set of everybody who like when we're predicting adherence, we're predicting it at different points in time when people have been on therapy for different amounts of time, right? So, what is the granularity that we want to use, so that you know we're not, we're well, would that gradient,
so would that granularity shift and change depending on the variable, though? Then, depending on what the variable
is, well, no, because the granularity is the row, and then there's the features are the columns, so I guess the first thing would be, what is the granularity we're using in our training data set to to be as closely matched to what happens in inference as possible, and then the second point would be, given that, what is that event that we're using, because it's really that event is tied into that granularity, right? So, so how far back do we do we look for each feature, which could then be different by feature, because each row here doesn't have to be a separate patient, is what is kind of what I'm saying, with the granularity comment. It could be like, so, for instance, in therapy initiation, we could have a data set where we have each patient in there once during their for their welcome calls, or let's use the time of day example, because I think that's the most straightforward, right? We have every attempt, right, is is what the granularity is, so patient by attempt for all the outreaches that that are in the types of outreaches that we do, and so then we have like, so that then there's a particular date when that attempt occurred, right? The outcomes, like, was it answered or not, right? And then the, the trip, the data set for the different features is based on that date of that attempt going back however long we choose for that feature to date minus one to attempt date minus one because we have the data only through the day before not the day of the attempt is so the end date of this bar here is event like so here it says next week, due date minus six days, but that's that was this example. This, the example for attempt, would be attempt date minus one day, would be the end here, end date of the predictor measurement period. So, so I guess let's first talk about granularity, right? So, for time of day, I think it's clear, right? It's each attempt that occurred, right? That's the way we're building it.
Yep, for it's so and we're counting, yeah, so we have the, so this would include eventually the outcome key, the customer key, the patient key, the targeting instance, the channel, the time of day, whether that was a, it's a binary, whether it was completed or not, and the date, the date at which that communication was attempted.
Wait, all those things are for your granularity.
That's what we have so far for time of day for train, for training,
or wait, say the things again,
so customer patient targeting instance, whether it's one, two, or three, right?
Okay,
channel, whether it's live call, whatever, whatever the channel was, time of day, that is the category that's the category of the of the of the variable, whether it's early afternoon, late afternoon, whatever, whatever the category is, right. Then you have the binary, was it completed or not, meaning did they were that's
the
outcome, and then the communication timestamp,
and then you're going to put it, make a bunch of features that are based off of that event date, which is it could be the event date
and plus patient too, you could, you can incorporate both,
yeah, yeah, yes, yes, you're right, you're right, so you can have both those types of features, and so I'm more focused on the time-based, the ones that are might be that aren't just at the patient level, right? So, okay, so that works again. You could
have, in this particular case, the granularity here are attempts, that's not the granularity, is not patient, the granularity is attempts
correct, but you can still have a patient level like gender or something in there. Well, yeah, okay, okay. So then, so now let's talk about therapy initiation for a second. So, for therapy initiation, right now you're doing this at the patient level granularity, because you only have patient level features anyways, but now we need, we're going to move to the point where we have, you know, time-based features, right.
Well, this one we need
to do is,
yeah, so this goes back to the problem I stated earlier, trying to standardize these training sets, because I'm already seeing with that the outcome that you're talking about here is going to be a totally different training data set than what time of day is from a from a structure standpoint,
because when is passion and what is, yeah,
see, that's that's why I mentioned that earlier, is that each of these outcome variables, and this is where it kind of gets a little unmanageable, or not unmanageable, but we need a way for these. We almost need like a configuration area for dynamic features, and have each one with the features that are in there that then source based on that feature set, and the rules based on that dynamic, and it can dynamically create that that training set, because even what you just mentioned already were disconnected. There is no standardization between these, these, these training sets. They're different.
So, just to add to what George said, right? So, the generate data set, SP, that is working only at the patient level, because it is accessing only the patient level table, because we have only the patient level tables for the features that we have already joins all the tables together as well, when it writes the feature set at the end,
so
require update on the stock procedure, but for those static features like a USA data and SVI, it should be same because we have the patient level, and which is just a one patient that might have multiple instances, so that should work. We still have the features for them, but for the dynamic features, that's kind of the same power dynamic features.
I'm kind of thinking,
yeah, and I'm just throwing this out there. I mean, this, and I'm just spitballing here, just throwing out ideas, because I don't, based on the two outcome variables that we just talked about, that we cannot stack those together. Those are going to be different data sets, right, for training, correct, so I'm almost thinking we need a configuration for dynamic features, specifically just for dynamic features, that for each feature it has the variables, the source, the rule, and so when it, when the sort procedure accesses that row for that particular outcome variable, it can then bring in those configurations, and then know how to generate the data set.
Yeah, I think that's the scope that we want to build. Yeah, go ahead.
So, what you need is first, let's identify the granularity of the training data set, and that's based on the event that is associated with it, right. And so then from there you can define, based on that event date, the parameters for any time-based training variable with a start and end period in relation to that event date, so as long as we can define those event dates in a unified way, so that you know that that can then generically the the training the time based features can then just be indexed to event date, which can be different event dates depending on the training data set or the inference situation,
so for the initialization and adherence that unique key is a patient key, and for the time of day the unique key is the event plus the patient, so that's the difference, so the entire strap is all changed,
so so yeah, so and what I'm saying is, even for the next version that we're going to need to do, for you know, therapy initiation and adherence, are we're going to need to think about those time-based features too.
Okay,
yeah, because I'm, I'm thinking we can't do this the same as what we did before, because the structures are going to be different. I think it's
the same structure as for time of day, right? Because you have an event,
yeah, just
need an event to the unique things,
yeah,
yeah. Then we need to copy the call now for this,
but the only problem be that we'd be using the generate data set SP to calculate
there's the problem, our
unique key, and then we'd also be using the same SP to map it to the patient key, because we're not storing the dynamic table, that's going to be calculated on the go,
yeah.
You're saying from a runtime perspective is the issue.
So the generate dataset SP, so it creates the data set every time we want to train a model, so we run that SP to get our data set. So it is at that point that we're going to be calculating the dynamic features as well, right? When we're going to train the model, the dynamic features won't be stored like a day in advance or like a week in advance. They would be created and stored into the table the day of training, is what I'm assuming.
Then we store them right whenever we train,
but they're stored in like a JSON format with all of the features, with the static features there would be the random features within the same list, so that's how it works right now, right? So it pulls features from a patient table, from the USA data table, from the SVI interference, and with the new process, it's going to pull in from CTE, where we'd be storing the dynamic features in that runtime, and now the entire list would be the list of static features plus the dynamic features.
Yeah, so then you have all of those for the training data set, and then you have a training data set that you might run multiple models, multiple runs off of to train different models to try different things,
correct, but the way we're storing the features is at patient level, not at the granularity for individual dynamic features.
I mean, for a training data set, it should be at whatever granularity that training data sets at, which could be at like a specific event by patient, like what the time of day day feature, like the time of day model, right?
But that would be only for the dynamic features, right? The static features are all at the patient level granularity, they won't be at the time of day.
Well, I think the store procedure would need to be updated again, that's kind of why I'm saying what I said before, is that on those dynamic features, would we do that? So I'm
thinking if we have to, this might be a long shot, but we calculate the dynamic features at our set granularity,
but then
we map it to individual patient keys, and then match the patient key to the
see, that's what I originally was thinking about, like the dynamic features would be its own thing, it calculates based on that, and then it's rejoined, you know, on that, so at least that
the join shouldn't be the patient of key only, but the problem
there, though, is now you will have duplicate data, a lot of duplicate data.
Yeah, but the join cannot be on anything apart from the patient key, because the static features are important, right? But we can't keep the static features, and we can't change the granularity either. So,
yeah, like, from a
training perspective, we probably want to make sure that we don't have a patient that spans like the training and the test set, like, because otherwise we're gonna get data leakage and stuff,
yeah,
yeah,
this is gonna be interesting, yeah, and that's the thing, is like, even if I were to do what Bola is asking me to do, hey, just create an outcome key for this, I don't, I still don't think that's gonna really solve the problem. Yeah,
but, but unless we have something to start with, yeah, if it's for the very beginning, as long as you give me an outcome key, we can use the static ones to match annotation key, so we can all the events, and then we can still channel model, but since we are working on getting the dynamic features, we can think about, like, how to do this for that time of day data on, yeah, but the first, I think there were like two parts of this, one is for the time of day, like how we can get a time of day, like it's different from the initialization and the headers. How we can get that with the outcome key and with the within that workframe. And then the second question is that how we can get the dynamic features for like initialization and handhelds, which is a totally different story for the time of debt, which is more even the best, so like all kind of two parts of the question,
but I'm still kind of wondering. Cliff said that he wants the age to be the same for training and inference, I, but is that what we, is that what we wanted? I think I mean, shouldn't the inference age be different, shouldn't be that, that be the current date measured with the current date, instead of the,
yeah, I actually from the same doubt, like if we're using the first event day or 20, actually using the same
date, I
think it comes down to whether or not, like, how we define date, because date at enrollment, that's going to effectively be a static variable, if we want event, like event initiation age, or something, you know, something like that, that is truly dynamic at that patient event targeting level, then then it's going to be more dynamic.
Oh, I saw the enrollment day is already a dynamic, should be different for different countries.